welcome to serious spoilers today i will
share a drama movie from 2018 titled
alpha spoilers ahead
watch and enjoy
europe 20 000 years ago a tribe gathers
near a herd of buffalo the leader tao
gives the signal and the men charge
toward the buffalo as the beasts
stampede toward them the men hurl spears
to divert their path
the buffalo run toward the edge of the
cliff and most of them fall over to
their deaths
tau sun keta attempts to kill a buffalo
but he instead runs away from it and the
buffalo charges toward ketta and knocks
him into the air the buffalo runs back
toward him and picks ketta up with its
horn
it runs toward the cliffside and tau
hurls his spear to stop the buffalo but
as it makes it to the edge kenna flips
off the buffalo's horn
one week earlier keta and other boys in
his tribe were being prepped for an
initiation as hunters
some of the boys failed to make sharp
spearheads but ketta is among the few
that succeeds
afterwards the boys are forced into a
brawl before tao tells them to stop
he then goes to keta to tell him what
will be expected of him as he steps up
to become a leader like his father
later at night tau talks to his wife row
about keta and she feels that he could
not be like tao because kettle leads
with his heart not his spear
the men leave the women and their homes
to go on a hunting expedition
ketta is at one point tasked with trying
to start a fire but he cannot do it on
the way they run into another tribe led
by zai an old friend of tao
the two tribes take the younger men to
hunt and they first go after a boar tao
orders keta to deliver the finishing
kill to the boar but keta cannot bring
himself to do so tao slits the
creature's throat before chastising his
son for failing to do so
the men continue moving forward tao
teaches keta that if he needs to find
his way home he must look up at the
stars as well as the paint on rock
formations left by the ancestors to
guide them home
they also encounter a pack of wolves and
tao points out to keto which one is the
alpha the tribes then set up camp for
the evening around a fire they are
stalked by a saber-toothed tiger that
kills a man from she's tribe
in the morning the men leave a rock pile
as a tribute for their fallen comrade
the tribes then gather for the buffalo
hunt
after ketta has flung over the cliff he
is left hanging on for his life as tao
tries to reach him the rock he's holding
breaks off and he falls further until he
hits an edge halfway down
tau attempts to climb down to get him
but sai and the other men stop him
saying it's hopeless
tao is left to accept that kete is gone
and they leave a rock tribute for him as
well
tao and his men make their way home and
they part ways with shi's tribe
keta wakes up and finds himself still
high up over the buffalo carcasses
his ankle is also broken and swollen
he starts trying to climb down but he
knows he is too high kenneth hangs on
until a storm comes and starts to flood
the chasm below
after a brief hesitation kettle lets go
and falls into the water
kenneth is washed up in an unknown area
he relocates his ankle and makes himself
a cast to allow him to walk
as he tries to make his way back home he
is found by the pack of wolves
they chase him and he climbs up a tree
for safety the alpha gets close to ketta
and he slashes at her with his spearhead
keta waits for the other wolves to leave
and he notices the alpha lying
helplessly still wounded despite being
weary of the wolf's nature kenneth takes
pity upon her and carries her to a cave
where he treats her wound
ketta and the wolf whom he later names
alpha stay in the cave for shelter he
tries to give her some water and appear
friendly but she growls at him
later ketta makes his first kill by
hunting a rabbit and eating it and
sharing some of the meat with alpha when
ketta is ready to head back home he
tries to send alpha away on her own even
having to get aggressive but she instead
follows him back
on the journey back keta tries to hunt a
boar with alpha's help
she mulls it and they feast on its
remains
they also have to avoid a pack of hyenas
that stalk them
ketta sets up a campfire and a coyote
approaches them menacingly alpha walks
up to the coyote and nestles her face
into his leaving it to run off without a
fight
a heavy snowstorm starts to hit the land
ketta and alpha are walking across what
he doesn't realize is a frozen lake he
sees another pack of wolves feasting on
a carcass and he worries its alpha ketta
runs toward them and ends up falling
through the ice
alpha tries to reach keta but he breaks
through the ice with his knife
he sets up another fire and removes his
cold wet clothes to share warmth with
alpha as the two continue on their
journey ketta starts to suffer from
hypothermia he and alpha come across the
heart of another man whom keto finds
frozen to death
he goes through the man's home to find
food but there is none
kenneth takes the man's bow and arrow
thanking him for providing for him
the two continue moving onward until
they reach a cave where the tiger finds
them
keta preps the bow and arrow before
alpha lunges toward the tiger
the two fight until keta strikes the
tiger with the arrow
however alpha has been pretty badly
wounded
ken attends to her wounds as she lays by
him
the weather becomes worse and alpha is
barely able to keep walking kendall lays
by her as he grows weaker as well
he passes out in the snow and then
starts to remember the conversation he
overheard his parents having about him
after row said that kettle leads with
his heart and not his spear tau
responded that keta is stronger than
even he realizes
this gives keda the encouragement and
push to stand and carry alpha
ketta spots the ancestral paint on the
rocks and he realizes he is close to
home
sure enough he spots his tribe
he walks in while carrying alpha and tao
runs to his son and brings him an alpha
inside for shelter and warmth as keta
recovers the shaman tends to alpha to
get a surprise alpha has given birth to
a group of wolf pups the shaman commands
keta and alpha for bringing new life to
the tribe
keta and alpha fully recover and they
are seen watching the sunset with the
pups
when they are fully matured the wolves
joined keta and the other tribesmen for
a new hunt
what did you think of the movie
i want to hear your comments below
thanks everyone for watching
don't forget to subscribe
until the next spoiler